Update CA rotation docs (#20317)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/management/operations/ca-rotation.mdx

[Read more about exporting the Teleport CA](../../desktop-access/manual-setup.mdx#export-the-teleport-ca)
</Admonition>

> <Admonition type="warning" title="Certificate Authority Types">

Reviewer: Since the intro to the "Certificate Authority rotation" H2 now has more text inside an `Admonition` box than outside, this component loses its ability to signal importance.

What would you think of removing the `Admonition` tags from this and the previous `Admonition`, and treating all of the paragraphs before the "Rotation phases" heading as regular body text?

Since we mention this information below, we could also remove this `Admonition` entirely here.

Author: This is a change to a default behavior that is being deprecated and requires user changes so I feel like it should stay here. This should only be for a single release and then we can remove it entirely in v13.

[Read more about exporting the Teleport CA](../../desktop-access/manual-setup.mdx#export-the-teleport-ca)
</Admonition>

<Admonition type="warning" title="Certificate Authority Types">
Prior to Teleport v12 if `--type` was unspecified it would default to rotating

> all certificate authorities. This is known to cause issues and has been deprecated.

Reviewer 2: I wouldn't say _known to cause issues_. How about something like this instead?

Prior to Teleport 12, `--type` would default to rotating all certificate authorities.
It is best to rotate CAs one at a time for increased stability.
Future versions of Teleport will require this, but you can opt in to the previous behavior by adding an explicit `--type=all` flag.

Author: Done.

the rotation is completed by entering the `rollback` phase.

> ```sh

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```code
````
Forgot to mention this–the `Var` component is only rendered in `code` snippets

> $ tctl auth rotate --phase=rollback --type={host|user|db|openssh|jwt|all} --manual

Reviewer: Nit: The curly brace notation for listing possible flag values only seems to exist on this page:

```
$ grep -RlE "\{([a-z]+\|)+[a-z]+\}" docs/pages
docs/pages/management/operations/ca-rotation.mdx
```
Is there a notation we can use that's more consistent with the rest of the docs?

Author: That is the common notation that is used for describing the cli options but I looked around at other parts and it looks like we also use an input box so I replaced it with that to be more consistent.

the rotation is completed by entering the `rollback` phase.

```sh

> $ tctl auth rotate --phase=rollback --type={host|user|db|jwt|all} --manual

Reviewer 3: You're missing `openssh` added in Teleport 12 https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/pull/20020

Author: Good catch. I updated the docs.

  and gotchas before going with semi-automatic version.
</Admonition>

> To specify which certificate authority to rotate a value must be provided via
> the `--type` flag. If no value is provided an error will be displayed and the
> command will exit. To replicate the functionality of versions prior to 12 where
> all certificate authorities were rotated by default you can pass in
> `--type=all`. Keep in mind this functionality is deprecated and will be removed
> in a future version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To specify which certificate authority to rotate, you must provide a value via
the `--type` flag. If no value is provided, `tctl` will display an error and exit. To replicate the functionality of versions prior to 12, where
all certificate authorities were rotated by default, you can pass in
`--type=all`. Keep in mind that this functionality is deprecated and will be removed
in a future version.
```
Added some readability tweaks, including punctuation and the active voice.

  and gotchas before going with semi-automatic version.
</Admonition>

> It is recommended to rotate a specific certificate authority using the 

Reviewer: I think this paragraph would be clearer if we were to replace the passive voice ("It is recommended", "was not provided", etc.) with the active voice.

Author: I pushed up some changes. Let me know if that reads better.

`--type` flag. Prior to v12 if the `--type` flag was not provided, then all

> certificate authoritaties would be rotated. The default behavior has changed

Author: Same as above.
